[Music]
versus I have a bag that I found that I
think belongs to driving a Jag Oh bless
your heart where did you find it on the
subway
Oh would you like a cup of coffee you've
been so kind I don't get many visitors
you know I've been so lonely since my
daughter left well I could help you my
mom actually used to say I'm like
chewing there yes I didn't stick around
[Music]
did you find them
I guess she's been planning bags around
the city hoping someone brings them back
to her and you said oh my god is her
just let it ring I saw the bag starter I
never want to see you again
she's really freaking me out
this is not a problem public area or
rights are protected
why are you doing this how exciting
hi I'm Francis Lapierre waitress for the
evening
no I can't do this are you a child who
knew the child you need a mother to hold
you don't you dare talk to me about my
mother everyone needs a friend
between more than friends we're
connected
[Music]
there's something you need to know about
beretta are you insane
just try to get rid of Greta
[Music]